Are the Acc apartments really that bad?
I am an transfer student and have a lease for the 3 bed - 2 Bath B at VDCN, and have been hearing horror stories about the communities online. Mostly about wifi, and while wifi is a concern to me, I can't imagine it can't be fixed with an ethernet cable or router. On the other hand some other stories (cough cough mostly from yelp) seem to talk about it as if it were a dump, uncleaned on move in, bugs (coach roaches, bees, ants), rodents, stains, peeling walls, bad smells, mold, broken appliances etc....

But there also a lot of people who, outside of the wifi drops seemed to really like their experiences in the apartments. Who am I supposed to believe? Is it just dependant on what apartment you get? Or is it really that bad?

I lived in VDC 4 bed 2 bath and VDCN 3 bed 2 bath. Yes the wifi does suck and it often went out so make sure you have a phone with good data. Both apartments were a bit dusty on move-in so it’s a good idea to take some disinfecting wipes. Other than that, I enjoyed living there. If there’s a problem in your apartment you can call the front office and they’ll send a maintenance worker. Personally, I never had a problem with bugs or rodents in the apartment. Congrats on transferring! Imo, Acc is one of the best living arrangements at uci. Enjoy your time in vdcn

Thank you -^

Ive never lived in ACC so maybe someone else can speak to that, but - I have lived in a lot of different apartments in various parts of the country and it really seems like one true constant for rentals is that people only go on Yelp or google to review their apartment building if they have a really bad experience. All the people who had no issues or who thought it was just ok aren’t out there writing reviews. Places that genuinely suck might have bad reviews, but places that are fine also have bad reviews! Definitely something to keep in mind when you’re reading stuff online.

Thanks I'll try to keep that in mind

I use Ethernet at PDS and it rarely ever goes out. In my unit the ethernet is hidden. There’s a small Wi-Fi router in the unit. The Ethernet connections are on the bottom facing the floor. I have my own router attached to it. My desktop uses Ethernet.and Apple TV is using Wi-Fi from my router. It’s been down only a handful of times. ACC switched internet providers maybe some of the issues have been fixed. Personally I wouldn’t rely on their Wi-Fi. You’ll have to register the routers MAC address on their registration portal. Make sure you plug it in the right way.

I appreciate the advice!

My daughter lived at Camino for two years and loved it. Super clean, no bugs. WiFi is a known problem throughout ACC but otherwise it was a great experience.

I lived in VDC all last year and I really loved the apartment! The WiFi does really suck though 🥲

I lived at camino and I absolutely love it. Are they gorgeous? Not really. But omfg it is soooooo much cheaper than living off campus and the anteater bus stops are at every community. The wifi can be spotty but it’s not super common. The place was dirty when we first moved in but that’s something you can fix in a day. I haven’t seen mold anywhere or heard stories about it. Regardless, I promise you it’s better than off campus

I’ve never lived in ACC but as someone who lives in grad housing, it really does vary between apartments. I have a spider problem but someone else I know has a roach problem. Someone else I know doesn’t have any problems at all. I’ve never had an issue with appliances whereas someone else I know had their entire apartment flooded because of their toilet overflowing. I also had pubes all over my apartment when I moved in whereas someone else had an extremely clean apartment. It’s just luck of the draw based on my experience.

aaa i get spiders, but I don't think I could deal with a roach problem. I would pay to live off campus at that point ugh ;-;

I wouldn’t be able to handle a roach problem either. I can barely handle spiders but roaches?? 🤮

ACC wifi is pretty much the same (if im right), meaning when vdcn wifi is down, the vdc and camino wifi are down as well, as well as most of the other ACC apartment complexes. I lived in vdcn with the same floor plan as you. You could bring an ethernet cable for your computer, and somehow it usually works when the wifi is broken. I would say the wifi may break once or twice a month, maybe three or four times. Im not really sure as im often working out or at the dining hall or on campus. (you could check my reddit post history I probably complained like 3 times this year) When I moved in, it was clean, there were actually no bugs in my apartment. (the whole year I probably only saw 2 spiders and that was it) There were no rodents or ants. The biggest problem was the mold. It would get moldy and there would be some stains in my room and living room. If you live in the first floor, that's where the mold problem was most prominent. Not to the point of unbearable, but if you just took a towel you could wipe it off. The maintenance workers did come in at the end of the year to clean it. The other problem, which is in correlation with the mold, was that my windows (first floor corner room), would always get foggy and water drops would form (condensation) and that probably lead to the mold, and I really hate dirty and wet windows.

TLDR: it's not as bad as some may say, but get what you pay for. I paid 955 a month, which is expensive for such a small room, but somehow was cheaper than everything else (for a private bedroom). Take it with a grain of salt though, some people just expected it to be better for $955.

UCI Alum/Former VDCN staff member here. This is just my take, def see what other people say. As far as the wifi, there are outages/places with spotty connection at times and unfortunately when it happens, not much can be done to fix it right away. This is because it is up to the internet provider to send people to fix it, not the on-site staff. That being said, MOST of time it's the community-wide wireless internet that goes out, so if you do move, I'd definitely recommend an ethernet cable. Personal routers are "technically" banned but there are people who have them still with no consequence, just hide your wifi network through router settings and try to fly under the radar. As long as your community assistant is chill, it should be fine. Worst-case scenario, the campus should always have wifi (as well as Starbucks nearby).

In terms of housing, I'm not super high maintenance so take this with a grain of salt but apartments are not too bad. All units are cleaned, albeit a bit hastily, by a professional cleaning crew prior to move-in. Don't expect the quality of the apartment to match what you see in the pictures but it's your standard, older college apartment. On move-in, expect to potentially run into some water stains under cabinets, small amounts of chipped paint here and there, and some dust in hard-to-reach, etc. But normally, most of the "bad" aspects are purely small cosmetic things or things that can be addressed fairly quickly with a quick clean. I never had bugs in my apartment, and when I was called to help residents with these problems, normally the worst of it was a small spider or an ant trail that had formed outside the apartment. One note, you'll hear an occasional rat around the plants outside but never got calls about one in an apartment or even in the hallways.

Some people mentioned it here but there is on-site maintenance so if you have broken appliances, major damages in your apartment that were missed, clogged drainage, etc. the front office takes all complaints. In my experience, most small fixes were addressed within at most a day, if not the same day. Bigger repairs could take longer but usually, these were pretty rare.

Overall, I would say depends if you just want a decent place to live for your time at UCI. Living there won't blow your mind but it probably won't bother you too much so long as you keep your expectations in check. I can definitively say (at least for me) it's nowhere near as bad as the Google/yelp reviews make it out to be. Honestly, to me, the best advice I have is to invest a lot more time into finding a good roommate because having a bad roommate will be much worse than all the problems people complain about (And trust me, switching roommates is damn near impossible after moving in).

it's not a horror story, you just have slow wifi sometimes lol. There's sometimes ants? but thats literally normal in the heat and with college students that don't know how to clean. I love where I live in ACC

I lived in vdcn my jr and senior year. 2 bed 2 bath and it was great. My own room, own bathroom, me and my roomate did our own thing and never had any issues. The wifi does suck sometimes but for the most part works fine. My dorm did/does have some roach issues but i mean oh well lol

I know a lot of my friends have had bad experiences but I lived in vdcn one double two priv and I personally liked it. I tried to get a renewal but couldn’t but I’ve lived here for two years. It’s super convenient, it’s fully furnished and I honestly think it all depends on how you perceive it. My roommates made the experience alot better so just make sure you have good roomies. But overall I would say I really liked vdcn and didn’t really have any crazy issues. Work orders were always done on time, wifi ngl can be a little iffy but it began happening this year.

Most stories are true but can be handled. Some apartments are quite dirty that you have to clean them yourself which can be a hassle when moving in. Wifi is terrible across all ACCs but some do suffer more than others. As a matter of fact it’s common for outages to occur in certain buildings within a community while it works in others. Wifi connection has always been fixed for me using an Ethernet cable and I find it to work 95% of the time for me but that’s just me tho. They always ask you to fill in a room condition report which if you find anything bad you should report it and ask maintenance to fix it.

Wi-Fi will go down even on Ethernet in my experience
