UCI HOUSING MEGATHREAD (2022-2023)
If you are looking to give/get housing feel free to post a comment down below, the comment section has been set to automatically sort by new.

If you would like to get opinions on certain housing places you can read the FAQ/look down at older comments or alternatively ask it in a new comment if you find that your concern has not yet been addressed.

FAQ:

What are the on-campus housing options?

The direct on-campus dorms are Mesa Court/Middle Earth (Towers). The other options are Arroyo Vista and the ACC apartments.

I would like to live in a dorm, how would I do so?

Direct on-campus dorms are usually exclusive to freshmen and a few sophomore and juniors, for everyone else the other on-campus options are either Arroyo Vista or the ACC apartments.

What is ACC?

ACC is an apartment company that has partnerships with universities such as UCI to help build on-campus housing for students. The five ACC apartments at UCI are Vista del Campo, Vista del Campo Norte, Camino del Sol, Puerta del Sol, and Plaza Verde. The apartments are considered of decent quality and many students enjoy their amenities.

When do applications open?

Housing applications for 2021-2022 open January 20th.

How do I apply?

For dorms/Arroyo Vista: http://my.housing.uci.edu/gateway (Unsure if this works)

For ACC apartments you have to apply on their respective websites: https://housing.uci.edu/acc/

I would like to house with my friends, how can I do so?

If you and your friends receive a spot in the same dorm/apartment community you can request to be put together on the given form.

Will I receive financial aid for living in one of the ACC apartments?

Yes, the ACC apartments are considered as on-campus housing and you will receive aid.

What dorm/ACC apartment is the best/what should I pick?

I’ll post a few relevant past comments near the bottom of the thread detailing past comments of experiences from living in their respective ACC apartments, and others are encouraged to comment their own relevant past experiences. I would refrain from looking too much into online Google/Yelp reviews for the ACC apartments.

How much does ______ housing cost?

Each of the dorm/apartment options have different room/floor plans with different pricings for each.

The ACC apartments/Arroyo Vista seem far from the main campus buildings, will I really have to walk that distance?

UCI has a free shuttle dedicated for students that runs along all the on-campus housing options throughout the entire campus called the Anteater Express. The shuttles visit all stops every 3-7 minutes to pickup students.

Should I get a dining hall meal plan?

Generally, unless you are living in one of the dorms you should refrain from buying a meal plan as it's commonly not considered worth it at their prices. You can however still eat at the dining halls by begging a resident of a dorm to swipe you in for free/for a small charge.

I wanna bring my car, where can I park?

It depends on where you're planning to live, ex: Plaza Verde has its own parking structure while Camino del Sol requires you to park at the ARC parking structure.

What other options are there?

There are many off campus options such as UTC apartments which are potentially cheaper than on-campus options. We also have the Anteater Housing Network which has both on-campus and off-campus options to choose from.

Please refrain from starting new housing related threads and instead refer to this thread/the comment section below. If you have previously dormed on campus or lived in an ACC apartment, you are encouraged to give your opinion of the place and state what you liked/disliked about living there to help other students. (Students who have lived in off-campus housing such as UTC are also welcome!)

Here are comments from the previous megathread containing relevant information that you may find useful when considering the options.

General Rankings:
- Camino: Probably the best on campus apartments so far, debatably tied with Plaza Verde assuming that Plaza has fixed all of their issues. They have grills placed next to every apartment and inside personal laundries. They're the most expensive apartment community next to Plaza, some rooms have gigabit speeds but a majority of them only have 100 up/down.

- Plaza: The newest on campus apartments here, the architecture and design of the lobby is beautiful. They had a lot of sewage and shower issues early on the Fall quarter (2019-2020), but I believe most of the problems have been fixed. Gigabit speeds on all the rooms and a 5 minute walk to Albertsons.

- VDCN: Probably one of the most wanted on-campus apartments, it has the best ratio of price to room quality, not much to say as its decent.

- Puerta: The closest to campus, I believe this is the smallest apartment community. Albertsons is right across the street so its very accessible for groceries, small issue is you have to cross the street every time you want to get to campus quick to get to the fast shuttle.

- VDC: The farthest away from campus, it’s a secluded area that you normally wouldn’t go to. That being said, the room quality is similar to VDCN and at its price its still a solid bet.

- Arroyo: The shittiest of the bunch, you get what you pay for here. Its very cheap but it’s not that great. Next to the frat houses so there’ll be a lot of loud parties near the night and they have a bad ants problem last time I heard.

Previous megathreads:

(2021-2022 pt 2) https://www.reddit.com/r/UCI/comments/olbsg9/uci_housing_megathread_20212022_thread_2/

(2021-2022 pt 1) https://www.reddit.com/r/UCI/comments/kxbbgu/uci_housing_megathread_20212022/
