Hi everyone. We're going to go ahead and get started with the continuing student guaranteed housing live stream. One moment. So for this continuing student guaranteed housing process, we're going to go over the housing options that are eligible for this process as well as the information of how to apply and some important notes. My name is Pacini Sus and I'm the housing tour and outreach coordinator for UCI student housing. I will also have an ACC representative here today to present on the ACC process as well as the ACC housing options. The agenda for the this presentation is going to be first going over the housing guarantee such as what is the housing guarantee and who's eligible for the guarantee. The next section is going to be going over the housing options for the guarantee process. And then we'll go over the how to apply of to securing housing for this process. And then next will be some important notes. And then lastly, we'll be ending with a live Q&A portion where you can ask your questions in the chat and we'll try our best to answer as much as possible. And if we aren't able to answer some questions, you're more than welcome to go ahead and contact us via email or the offices by calling them um to ask questions. So, first going over the housing guarantee. So, you might be wondering what is the housing guarantee in particular for this particular process for the continuing student um guarantee process. It's for undergraduate students. Um it's an undergraduate housing guarantee where um eligible students who've completed all steps are guaranteed an offer of onampus housing. And I want to emphasize that it's an offer of onampus housing that you'll need to complete to secure and sign that agreement. But overall, housing preferences are not guaranteed. We will take your preferences into consideration, but unfortunately preferences are not guaranteed. Additionally, applicants who are eligible for this process are only eligible to receive one guaranteed housing offer. Meaning, if you decline the offer for whatever reason or miss the deadline of your offer, then you have forfeited your housing guarantee since you are only eligible for one guaranteed housing offer. If you fail to complete any steps that are instructed to you, it will result in a forfeite of your housing guarantee. And once again, you only want guaranteed one offer. So, it's important that you meet all steps that are instructed. You might also be wondering who is eligible for the guaranteed housing. And so the students who are eligible are going to be current firstear freshman and first year transfer students who live on campus. Students who are campuswide honors collegia members that are currently members of this program. Students who receive the regent scholarship, chancellor's excellence scholarships, and the director scholarship. Um it's encouraged that you look at your scholarship letter to confirm the amount of years that are eligible for guaranteed housing. um just because sometimes they may vary. Um so check your scholarship letter if you're not sure of how many years of guaranteed housing is offered with your scholarship. And then the last group that's eligible is going to be fire scholars. So if you are a student who is not a part of any of these groups and you want to know more information about housing, we will go over the housing options. So you can still stay and watch this presentation um to get more details about the varying housing options that are available for undergraduate students. Um, and then we'll briefly go over the housing weight list process in this next slide. So, if you are not eligible for the guarantee, you can apply to the housing weight list. The housing options you can apply to is going to be the ACC weight list, also known as the American Campus Community Apartments. The wait list will open on January 21st at 8 a.m. It's actually just going to be the application for the ACC departments overall for this upcoming academic year opening at the 21st at 8 a.m. And then the UCI housing wait list for the resident halls and AOYA Vista will open sometime in April. Um, currently we do not have an exact date finalized yet, but we should have that information um a month before it opens. Um and we'll have that published on the housing website when it becomes available. How the weight list offers will work is that after um all the guaranteed students who've met the required deadlines have been placed, then we'll go ahead and go to the housing weight list and send offers to students um based on what's available. It is important that you apply as soon as possible. You're you you are able to apply to both the weight list for the ACC apartments as well as the UCI housing um community weight list. And it's encouraged that you go ahead and apply to both so you can increase your chances um of getting a housing offer off the weight list. For the ACC particular weight list application, we do recommend that you select a variety of community and floor plan options as opposed to just saying one type. Um just so you can um be considered for other options, especially if the one type that you put is a one that's in high demand. Um, so definitely put a variety of community floor plan options when you're applying to the weight list. More information about the weight list can be f found on the housing website on the continuing student page. Um, it also has information about the guarantee and about the eligibility as I mentioned earlier. But on the very bottom of the page, there is a weight list section. So now going over the housing options that will be available for continuing students. We have two housing overall communities within UCI housing. So, Aoya Vista and the resident halls. These are two housing types that are available for students. And then the American campus community apartments um all their apartments there are available for students as well. Camino do plaza verde 1, plaza verde 2, pa do visa delampo and visa delampo norte. So, first going over a little bit more about the UCI housing community. So, a vista and the resident halls. You might be wondering what is the differences between the UCI housing communities versus the ACC apartments. So some differences is that the UCI housing communities are going to be our communal living group housing environments. Um so if you possibly currently live in the resident halls in Aurora Vista, um you are already familiar with it. Um, if you're not familiar, it's literally a group housing where, um, within the building, um, the students in the building are going to be sharing a lot of amenities such as the kitchen areas, um, the study room spaces, um, and some of the bathrooms may be shared with some clusters of the housing, um, but of the same gender. Um, and so that's going to be a communal living environment, um, sharing with other students. It is also going to be a 9-month academic year contract, so from September to June. This is pretty nice for students if they know for sure they don't want to go home for if they want to go home for summer and they're not taking summer classes. Um these contract agreements are just for the academic year for nine months. Our housing is furnished. So we do provide the furniture for students. Um and then in particular the housing communities for a Royal Vista and the resident halls may have some slight differences which I'll go in the next few slides. Aoya Vista is our theme sponsored houses. So we have some academic theme sponsored houses as well as some sorority and fraternity houses. Um what I mean by academic theme or it it's more of affinity themes. So we have um different themes such as like the culinary house, the camp STEM house, the academic black scholar house. There's various themes that are available in Aoya Vista. So students of the same interests um can live in that house together. Um and so you can check on the housing website to look at the various themes that are offered within a Vista. The resident halls, we have two communities within them, uh, Mesa Court and Middle Earth. Um, and so those are the two communities within the resident halls, which I'll kind of go in a little bit in the next few slides. So, first for Aoya Vista, um, it is located on the east campus near the Anteater Recreation Center, also known as the Ark. Um, if you were not familiar as to where it's located, um, the houses have 16, 24, or 32 students living in each house. Um and so within the house it is furnished. So there is all the furniture provided for like the living room areas and the rooms. Um there is a shared kitchen that students will go ahead and share as well as other shared common spaces of a large living room and large dining room spaces. For the kitchen spaces we do not provide um pots and pans and plates and stuff. That's something that you would need to provide yourself. Otherwise um the furniture is is provided by us. It is double occupancy rooms only, meaning two students to a room. We do not have single room occupancies available or triple room occupancies. It's all double occupancy rooms. In a Roya Vista, we do have some double occupancy suites. What a double occupancy suite is, um, it's going to be a double occupancy room that has access to a private bathroom amongst the two that shares that room. There's a very limited amount of these. I would say there's only a handful of them. Um, so if you going are planning to live in Aurora Vista, no matter you're living in a double occupancy overall between these two types, but more often than not, students are going to be placed in the standard double occupancy room because we just don't have many double occupancy suites. Um students are able to put a preference for the suites um during the contract offer process um but it's not guaranteed since there's very limited truly like a handful um of these available um type of occupancies for the resident halls. Once again we have Mesa Court and Middleear. Um I do have these pictures up here because sometimes we have um people who are a little bit confused um between the buildings. They think the towers and the classics are are separate. um they're not they're just a type of building that's available within both communities. So the Mesa Court Towers and the Mesa Court Classic Halls are both within the Mesa Court community as well as the Middleear Towers and the Middleear Classic Halls are both within the Middle Earth community. And if you're not familiar as to where they're located on campus, uh Mesa Court is located near the School of the Arts while Middleear is located near the School of Social Sciences and School of Social Ecology as well as the business school area. So for the room occupancies that are going to be available for the resident halls, it's single, double, triple, and quad room occupancies in the towers. Um there are only quad rooms, meaning four to a room. The classic halls will be the ones that have a sing single, double, and triple room occupancies. We do have dining commons located in both housing communities. It doesn't matter where you live. You can access either dining commons as well as communitywide facilities within both communities such as fitness rooms, game rooms, um study rooms that are outside of the the halls that students can use um and other communitywide facilities that the um residents can use. Do note that it is required to have a meal plan while living in the resident halls and this is regardless of what year you are. So, if you're a continuing student who chooses to live in the resident hall, there is a meal plan still required. This year, the resident halls is actually a new guaranteed option that's um eligible for this continuing student process. Previously, students who were interested in the resident halls had to apply to the weight list for the resident halls. Um but this year, we're offering it as a eligible guaranteed option due this continuing student process. Um we're also adding a little like basically kind of like a promo deal to this. um is that current firstear freshmen who decide to do the resident halls as their second year of guaranteed housing and live in the resident halls for that second year, they will be eligible for a third year of guaranteed housing, meaning they can do this whole process again for the next year of the 27-28 um housing application. Um this is nice because typically most students are only eligible for up to two years of guaranteed housing. Um, I believe the program that offers more than that is the honors program. So, most other students are going to be up to two years of guaranteed housing. Um, so if a third year of guaranteed housing is something that you're interested in, um, this doing the resident halls as your first preference and living in the resident halls through your guarantee process for this upcoming year, um, will put you into the pool to be able to do the guarantee for your third year. Just note that housing preferences are not guaranteed. Um and so even for that third year of guaranteed housing, if you do this process with the resident halls and do this whole continuing student guarantee application again, um housing preferences are not guaranteed and that's just a following rule that goes on every year for all the processes. Next is going to be going over the American campus community apartments. So once again, we do have an ACC representative. Um so I'll go ahead and pass it over to her so she can go ahead and introduce herself and cover the ACC option. Hi everyone, my name is Megan. Um, like she mentioned, I am the ACC representative here. I am going to go through our process for applications with you a little bit as well as go over what our um, different properties offer you. So, American Campus Communities are located on the east campus near the Antater Recreation Center. We have six properties that are privately managed by American campus communities. Um, our properties are really amazing in the sense that they all come furnished and they all also include air conditioning as well as nice features like having a dishwasher, refrigerators, microwaves. Those are all included in all of our apartments. So, those are not things that you will need to bring when you move in. Even though we are apartment style, all of our leases are going to be about 11 and a half months. So, this is a little bit different than in the residence halls. So, if you know that you need to be here in the summer, we do offer really cool options like June to June leases. So, if you know you have summer classes, it's really important to look at all the different terms that we have, applying for a June to June lease is probably your best bet. If you know you don't need to be here in the summer, September to September is probably good for you. But, if you know you're going to be in school probably towards the end of summer or you're just or you have a program that's starting a little bit sooner, August to August is probably the best for you. So, for community specific information, please make sure to visit our housing website. You can look at housing.uci.ed. edu/accc. Um, so when you're applying to our applications, there are a few requirements that you will need. It is very important that you're only applying with your UCI email address. You will not be able to get through the application without your UCI email address since we do have this process called single sign on, which means when you log in, you are going to have to use the dual mobile app to get in then through to the application. Your student ID number is also required. And then you'll need two forms of ID. The most common forms of ID are state IDs or driver's licenses as well as social security numbers. Um, every undergraduate student is also required to have a guarantor. This is somebody that is over the age of 25. Usually a parent, a guardian, or just a trusted person that is over the age of 25 that will sign onto the lease with you. This person will also need a state ID or a driver's license or a social security number. If you or your guarantor do not have a social security number, it's really crucial that you reach out to us prior to the application's opening so that we can assist you and tell you what your options are. Um, and so please start to gather this information right now just so that when the application opens up, you already have these things ready to go and you're not going to be struggling on the day of. One important thing to note is that when you are on the application, you will have the option to choose roommate matching preferences. We have three options and you'll see this on the application as well. Our three options are same gender male, same gender female, and gender inclusive options. For those who choose gender inclusive, it's very important for you to note that when you choose this option, you're agreeing to share a room with students and other residents. Regardless of their gender or their identity, these are things that we do not take into account when we are doing rooming assignments. We do not take sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression into account when we're doing these assignments or placing students. So, if you do choose gender inclusive, the likelihood of you being with people that you might not like or like that might be a different gender than you, very, very likely. But this will also be included on the application. So, if you forget, this information will be provided there as well. Again, just make sure to be taking a look at these things ahead of time. Plan with your friends if this is something that you're considering. Um, just make sure you know what you'd like to apply to. That way, you can get through the application as quickly as possible. Another important thing to note is that you won't really be able to choose or request to match with roommates until after you sign a lease. You can only do this once you receive a lease from us and sign it. And you can only request to match with residents who have the same floor plan as you, the same property, as well as roommate matching preference. So, if you have a friend that lives at a different property than you, and you're requesting to match, it will not go through. Again, roommate matches are not guaranteed. This is just due to a number of of different factors including um sometimes there are people that are renewing that and we don't have a fully vacant space in order to put multiple people in. So oftentimes there are groups that are broken up. But we always try to do our best to accommodate. We just want to let you all know that roommate matches are not guaranteed. If you would really like to apply with roommates, the best bet is to all apply to the same properties, floor plans again and and same roommate matching preferences. Next, I'm going to go through some of our apartments with you. So, I'll start with Plaza Verde 1 and Plaza Verde 2. These are our two newest properties. They're located at the bottom of Aoyo Drive. Um, these two properties offer one, two, and fourbedroom apartments. Another thing to note about our apartments is you'll never really be rooming with more than or you'll never be in a unit with more than four people at a time. So, Plaza Verde offers single and double occupancy bedrooms. Double occupancy bedrooms means that it'll be two people in a room, but it also offers private bedrooms as well. So you should take a look at our website and if you can you can also email us at the property website listed below in case you have any questions. Um Plaza Verde is slightly closer to campus than most of our other properties and one thing to note is that electricity is not included in the rent. The next property I'd like to talk about is Camino del Soul. Camino is really interesting because a lot of our apartments are flat or town home style. In the town homes it'll usually be a bottom floor and then a second floor or a third floor even. Camino del Soul offers two, three, and fourbedroom apartments. And this property is unique because it only offers private bedrooms. So, if you know that you do not want to share a bedroom with anybody, this is one of the properties you should most likely look at. Um, if you're in one of these apartments, you'll most likely only ever be sharing a bathroom with one other person or you might even have your own private bathroom. Again, in in at Soul, electricity is also not included in the rent. And then for all the properties, our community inboxes are listed at the bottom. So, if any of these stand out to you, please make sure to note that that email address and feel free to email us and somebody will get back to you as soon as we receive your email. The next property is going to be Puerto del Soul. Portadel Soul is located on Adobe Circle. So, it's not going to be located on a Royal Drive similar to the other five properties. Porto del Soul offers studios, onebedrooms, and two-bedroom apartments. But the one thing to note about Portto del Soul is that all of the two-bedroom apartments are going to be double occupancy rooms, meaning you will be sharing a room with somebody else if you choose the two-bedroom option here. For the singles, there's a variety of options ranging from studios, efficiency studios, and then one-bedroom bathrooms, one-bedroom apartment. But when you're looking online, you'll notice that there's a floor plan called one bed, one bath B, and one bed, one bath A. Very similar, but you still want to make sure when you are applying, you're taking a look at these very closely. So, I highly encourage everyone to take a look at our website prior to applying just so you know what you'd like ahead of time. And at Porto Deloul, electricity is also not included in the rent. Our next property is going to be Vista Delampo. Vista Delampo offers only one, two, three, and fourbedroom apartments. One of our other unique properties that only has private bedrooms. Again, if you know you don't want to share a bedroom with anybody, Camino dels and Vistadel Campo are going to be great properties for you to look at because if you do get placed here, there's no way that you'll be sharing a room with somebody. Again, at Vistad Campo, similarly to Camino dels, you'll most likely only ever be sharing a bathroom with one other person or you might have a your own private bathroom. And then with Vistadel Campo, um electricity is included in the cost of your rent up to a certain amount. So, that is a little bit different than our other properties. Again, the property inbox is listed right here at the bottom. So, if you have any questions or you're interested about this, please feel free to reach out to us and we'll get back to you. And then lastly, we have Vistadil Campo Norte. Visit Campo Norte offers one, two, and three-bedroom apartments. We offer also both single and double occupancy bedrooms. Um, again, here you most likely only ever be sharing your bathroom with one other person. And similarly, and similarly to Vista Delo, you will not have to pay rent outside or you won't have to pay electricity outside of your rent costs, but it is covered up to a certain amount. And then the property website is also linked right here below. Again, if you have any questions, all of the inboxes are listed right here. Please reach out to us and we'll make sure to get back to you as soon as possible. Now, I'm going to pass it back to the UCI housing rep to explain to you all how to apply. Okay. So, now that you know more about the housing options that you're eligible for, um, now it's important to know how to apply and secure your guaranteed housing, um, and do the process correctly. So, for the process, it's an overall three-step process for the guarantee. The very first step is submitting the continuing student guarantee application, which is what we've been emailing you information about that window of January 14th through January 20th. And then after that application's been completed, students who've completed the application will receive um an email with notification of what they've been selected for for the different housing options and next steps that are needed based off that selection. And then the very last step is completing a housing agreement. It's always important to remember that you have not secured housing until you've si signed an actual housing agreement to commit to living on campus. So to go more detail about this um for the continuing student guarantee application um this application is going to be available on the housing gateway portal. It's what's been linked in your emails that have been sent about this process. The housing gateway portal is the same place that you should have initially have applied for housing your very first year as a student um and completing your housing contract for either Roy Visa or the resident halls if you live there. Um so it's the same place you'll be submitting a application that says apply for 20 um 6-27. Um and this application will be available starting January 14th at 700 a.m. and it will close promptly at January 20th at 12:00 p.m. noon. Um, it's important that you do this application because once again, if you do not do this application, you missed the step and you have forfeited your housing guarantee. And so, this application is actually fairly simple. Um, because you might be wondering how the application's going to look. Um, so on the housing gateway, when you click on the apply for 26-27, um, the application is going to first get you to a page where it has important notes and instructions um, about the application. You'll go ahead and click you understand and submit that to the next page. The next page will first ask about your domestic status. What we mean by domestic status is are you single? Um do you have a romantic partner you're planning to live with or do you have children that you are planning to live with? Most students are typically students who are single. Um and so they're going to go ahead and put single. And then they'll go ahead and rank their domestic status based off what your domestic status is. It may vary in um housing options uh but most students that typically are doing this process are typically students who are single. So the information I'm going to be going over um is how it would appear for that. Um so there'll be three general housing options that will appear for you. It'll be the resident halls, AOY Vista theme houses, and the ACC apartments. It truly will just list those three options and you'll go ahead and rank from first to second to last preference of the three. You are not at this time putting the preferences of the different communities within the ACC apartments or the resident halls. It's truly just the three housing options, the generic types um of what your preferences are. If you put a Royal Vista as your very first preference, it there is there will be an additional section that you will need to do and that is where you go ahead and indicate if you are a part of a sorority and fraternity who has a house. Um, as well as putting different theme preferences that you are interested in. Um, you can select, I believe, a minimum of three but up to five theme preferences. Um, so before this this application opens, we highly encourage you to check on the housing website to explore the different themes available in Aoya Vista. So that way you are prepared to put um the different themes for Aoya Vista. And once again, this is only if you put Aoyo Vista as your first preference. If you put the ACC apartments or the resident halls as your first preference, you will not be asked to indicate theme preferences. After that, um, after ranking the three, um, you'll go ahead and review what you've submitted and then you'll go ahead and press submit. So, it'll give you a summary page before you hit submit. It's important that you truly review what your summary says and that it says the things that you wanted before submitting. The reason why is because edits cannot be made after submission. So, please make sure that everything is correct before hitting submit. Um, after you've submitted this application, you're done with step one. Um, the next step will be after the window has closed. So, after January 20th at 12:00 noon, um, it should hopefully be that same day on January 20 20th is what we're anticipating. Um, on January 20th by 5:00 p.m. the latest, you will receive an email from student housing if you did complete this initial application. and you'll be emailed notifying you of what you've been selected for, whether it's the ACC apartments, the resident halls, or Roya Vista, and what your next step is based off that selection. If you were selected for the ACC apartments, your next step will be to complete an ACC application um by 12 noon on January 28th. That is the deadline that you need to submit this ACC application. The ACC application will open on 8 a.m. on January 21st. As mentioned previously, um please please make sure you're applying no earlier than January 21st at 8 a.m. Um sometimes students try to apply for example today. Um the application that's currently available on the ACC website today is for this current academic year. So, for the next academic year's ACC application, it will not open till January 21st at 8 a.m. So, please note that in the ACC application, as Megan went over, um that's where you go ahead and do your preferences of the communities and floor plans and gender preferences. Um that's all going to be done during this ACC application. If you are assigned to Aoya Vista or the resident halls um you'll be simply told of your um assignment to either or um and that you will be receiving a contract offer in April and I'll go over that in the next slide as to what the contract offer will entail. So for step three once again that is completing the housing agreement for the ACC's. If you have submitted the ACC specific application by the deadline of 12 noon January 28th, um you should received your the the lease offers will start rolling out in February. Um but when I say rolling out, it does not mean that everyone is going to be getting their ACC lease in February. Um it may take a few months for everyone who completed the guarantee process to receive a lease offer. Um, so just keep a lookout in your email so that way you're not missing out on your lease offer for a Roya Vista and the resident halls. Everyone who've been assigned to either or the resident halls will receive their contract sometime in April. Um, and the contract is where you go ahead and submit your occupancy preferences. So specifically for the resident halls, you can go ahead and put your your community preference between Mesa Court and Middle Earth. your room occupancy preferences. You're going to be asked to rank from first to last preference. If you have roommate preferences, you'll go ahead and put that there and other things like that. Um, and that's also where you would select your meal plan for the resident halls. For Aoya Vista, it's a very it's a shorter one because there's not as many differences. So, you would put if you have a preference for the um double occupancy suite, but once again, most students will be placed in a standard double occupancy. And you can also put your roommate um preference during this contract process. It's important that you read your housing agreement before signing because if you sign a housing agreement, you are consenting to the terms of the agreement um and saying that you will do what the terms of the agreement says for whatever information that's on there. So, make sure you read it um before you sign so that way you know what you're signing into. Some important notes to know when it comes to the guarantee housing process um is that once again all steps must be completed by stated deadlines. I know I keep emphasizing this, but it's very important that you meet all steps by the deadlines. It's I recommend just doing everything as soon as you can as opposed to waiting until the deadline. Um so that way you don't risk on forgetting to do it. Um and and so because if you do you've you will forfeit your housing guarantee and lose your guaranteed housing status. Overall, once again, I want to emphasize as well, housing preferences are not guaranteed. Um in particular, there are limited spaces in Aurora Vista and the resident halls. So, in the first continuing student guarantee application that opens on January 14th at 7:00 a.m., if you have an interest in Aoya Vista or the resident halls, it's really recommended that you apply as soon as the application opens on January 14th. If you haven't been interested in the apartments, I you don't necessarily need to apply exactly at 7 a.m. Um, most of our housing spaces are available in the apartments for this initial sorting into the resident halls, AOY Vista, and ACC apartments. Um, so that's just a little note to know, but overall, I still recommend to apply as soon as you can so you don't forget to complete that application. For the ACC specific application, that one is important that you apply as soon as it opens. um just because you're once again the application is going to be open to everyone. Um the students who are eligible for the guarantee and been selected for ACC through this guarantee process ACC will be aware of those students. Um but it's important that you you submit multiple floor plan preferences um just because once again high demand um may get sold out quickly. Um also note that all students are applying as an individual. Um, and what I mean by that is that roommate preferences will not be selected during this time. So, oftentimes students are coming in and they already know who they want to live with and so forth, which is great. But throughout this process, you're applying as an individual, meaning you are applying by yourself. And so, roommate pre preferences will not be done until a later time, but overall roommate preferences are also not guaranteed. Um, and so how it's going to work, um, is that for a Royo Vista and the resident hall, roomate preferences will be done during the housing contract process. Um, and it must be mutually requested to be considered and the student should have the same agreement as you. So the person that you want to live with should have an AOY Vista contract and you should both mutually if if you have an AOY Vista contract and the person you want to live with has an AOY Vista contract, you should you should be able to request each other and mutually request each other. But if one has a Roy Vista and the other one has the resident halls and you request each other, it won't be considered because you literally have different housing agreements. So that's something to note. For the ACC, it's very similar. You have to have the same agreement as well. Um, and the roommate preferences are not done during the lease agreement process. It's done after the lease proced. So that's some important notes to know. Um, and so that's pretty much it for the presentation. So, if you do have any questions, please put them in the comments and we'll try our best to answer. I will say now that if there's any very niche questions or student specific question, um we most likely will not be answering it during the live. Um this is for more general questions that can be applicable to a majority of people. So, um go ahead and ask your questions and we'll try our best to answer um as many as we can. Okay. So, at this time, we're going to go ahead um based off commonly asked questions that we've been receiving um like this last few days, last few weeks about this process, um we're going to go ahead and just answer some of those, bring up those questions um and go ahead um and answer that. Um, so we kind of went over the roommate pref preferences and how to request roommates. Um, specifically for ACC apartments, I just I'm going to ask Megan if she can elaborate a little bit more on that because I know lots of students do prefer to live in the apartments and tend to want to live with certain people. Um, so I'll go ahead and pass it over to Megan so she can answer that. Thank you. So again, in order to even begin requesting roommates, you will have to have a signed lease with American Campus Communities, whether it's at one of the six properties, but once you sign a lease with us, you should automatically receive a uh an email from RoomSync, which is our online tool. That's how we see roommate requests and that's how we pair people together. So after you receive a lease, you'll get that link asking you to register. Once you register, you'll now have access to start requesting to match with other people. Again, you must have the same property, the same floor plan and roommate matching preference. So, I just want to give a quick example. We see this a lot where somebody will apply to gender inclusive and then their friend will apply for a same gender male, but they have the same property and floor plan. Again, you do not have the same roommate matching preferences. So, you will not be considered and you're unable to match. Which is why we say it's very important that if you really, really want specific roommates, you try to match your applications together as much as possible. We will not pair you with somebody who has gender- inclusive and you have same gender male. Even if you have gender inclusive, a lot of the times we get a question that's like, well, I'm gender inclusive. Isn't that okay? But we need the other person to also be consenting to live in a gender-inclusive space and vice versa. The other person consenting to live in a completely same gender male space. So again, roommate matches will not take place until after you sign a lease with us. And you want to make sure you all have the same preferences from floor plans, roommate matching preferences, and property. Okay. Um, a question that we did receive in the chat is, "How many ACC options and floor plans can each student submit?" So, you're going to have the option to apply to up to three properties, two floor plans per property. So, you'll have six options total. We highly encourage diversifying your application as much as possible. We understand that sometimes most people want a private room or a single occupancy space, but when they only apply to single occupancy spaces, it makes it a lot a lot more difficult. So there are only a limited amount of single occupancy spaces across all six properties. And when you only apply to those and there are no more spaces left, it's hard for us to now gauge where else we can place you. So we highly encourage you putting a variety of floor plans and properties on your application instead of just putting the exact same floor plan down six different times. And then for ACC again, um is the ACC application first come first serve? Is it better to submit it earlier for a higher chance of getting a preferred floor plan? So, we definitely do encourage submitting your application sooner rather than later. We try not to use the term first come first-s serve just because there are other factors that are included in the application. For example, with the guaranteed process, we do have to offer to CSP students first um just because that's the partnership that we have with the university. So, we still encourage you get your application in sooner rather than later. It definitely does help, but it's not everything. So, we won't consider it first come first serve. However, the sooner the better. And again, it's great to have all of your required materials gathered together now or over the upcoming weeks. That way, when you do apply, you're not running into those issues when you're doing the application. So, start reaching out to your guarantors. Start gathering those documents that you'll need. That way, when you're filling out the application, you can just fill it out sooner rather than later. Okay. And then, will you know what floor plan you have when signing the lease? Yes. When we send you a lease, it's going to say on the lease what floor plan and what community that you are receiving the lease from. And it's also going to have your entire rental installment plan listed out on the very front page as well, as well as when the first payment due date is going to be. One thing that's important to note is before you move in, you'll most likely need to at least submit two rental instal installments before your move in. So, a lot of the times our payment schedule does start before your movein date. Um, this is also listed on the lease agreement. So, we want to make sure that when you are signing onto the lease agreement, like Vini mentioned, you want to make sure you're reading through everything very carefully because you are signing a legally binding document. So, if you sign your lease and then later on let us know that, you know, you didn't expect to pay a certain amount, it does make it difficult because again, it is a legally binding document and it's not that easy to just break a lease because you no longer want it. So, be sure when you are signing your lease that you actually want it and that you do agree to everything that's listed in that lease. Okay. Um, as our team gathers more of the questions, I'm going to answer ask a question that I know is a commonly asked question that may not be asked right now. Um, and it's going to be parking. Um, we do tend to get questions about how parking works for all the housing communities. Um, and so for the resident halls and Aoya Vista, um, parking, um, is going to be purchased through UCI parking and transportation if you want to, um, bring your car and park. Um, it's not managed by student housing. So, any questions about parking for those two housing types? um you need to talk to um UCI transportation, but in particular for the ACC apartments and their parking, I'll go ahead and let Megan explain. So, parking is you pay for it per quarter and the prices are going the cost is going to vary depending on which property you're staying at. So, um when you move in, all of that information is going to be given to you upon movein. You won't purchase parking really until you're moving in or on that weekend, and it's going to be purchased at the front desk. Um you're going to pay for the fall quarter, winter quarter, and spring quarter. So, it's not going to be something that you pay for all at once. Once you purchase your parking permits, there is a process where you'll need to bring it to the front desk. You'll now then have to register online um and put your license plate in, and that is how um you'll be considered somebody that is eligible to be parking on any of our properties is through that license plate. So, you want to make sure that if you do plan on bringing a car, you email us sooner rather than later just so we can again give you that information in writing. That way you know what to expect when you move in because again if you're if you get your lease in the spring, you're not going to buy parking for that fall quarter until you actually move in. Um so another question for ACC. Um currently there are many ACC floor plans wait lists at the moment on the website. Um will they be will they be available across all floor plans soon? Yes, on the day the applications open everything should be open and they will not say weight listed. If they say weight listed throughout the process, like over the next few months, it's because we've probably sold out of that floor plan. Okay. So, we'll go ahead and do another pre-prepared question based off the questions that we've been receiving. Um, and so some questions that we receive is, will I receive financial aid for the ACC apartments? Um, so I do want to point out the ACC apartments are considered onampus housing. So, um, when you do apply for financial aid, if you do live in the ACC apartments, um, you are able to put the ACC apartments, um, as an on-ampus housing option, um, if you receive financial aid to still receive some type of aid for that. Um, and so for further information regarding your financial aid situation, um, we definitely recommend you to contact the financial aid office, um, just because every student kind of varies. Um, but I don't know, Megan, if you want to elaborate more on how that works. I think it's really important to note that a lot of the times students think that when you're moving to ACC it's the same way that you pay when you're in the dorms is going to be a completely different process. So yes, while you can still qualify for financial aid and a lot of our students do receive financial aid, the money is going to be dispersed to you typically at the beginning of the quarter and then you will now pay us directly through your bank account and you will pay on the community portal or you can submit a check or a money order to our front desk. You can also sign up for automatic payments that way it just takes out of your bank account each month. Rent is going to be due on the first of the month every month. So, it's not going to you could pay per quarter if you'd like to and pay for three months at a time, but you will be charged on the first of the month every single month. So, it is going to be a little bit different than when you play on your Z portal. So, questions about um Aoya Vista. Can any student be a part of a themed hall on Aurora Vista even if it isn't catered to them? Um, so definitely read into the descriptions of the different themes in a Roy Vista because there are some that will require you to take a certain class. Not all of them require classes. Um, and so it's that hard that question is a little bit difficult to reply to because of the fact that there's so many different themes available. Some of them are more general interests um or just like a overall um interests of a certain activity. Um, some of them may be like a a house where it's requested that everyone speaks a certain language. Um, where they just just want to speak Spanish to each other. I believe one of the houses um have that theme. Um, but definitely read the different theme descriptions that are currently on the housing website. Um, and you can see what has requirements for taking a class possibly and other details like that. But you are able to like put as many that you're interested in. you can go ahead and put those um theme preferences when applying to AOY Vista or on the if you put AOY Vista as your first preference on the initial CSP application. Um whatever you find interesting, go ahead and still put it. I would recommend do not you don't have to necessarily limit yourself. If you find something interesting, you can go ahead and put um a preference for that. And then for ACC's um so let me go over first because sometimes we have students who are a part of the guarantee process that currently live in ACC um and they want to know how the renewal process works um if they want to live in their current unit again through this guarantee process. So I'm going to start by saying that yes you are able to apply to renew just renewals are not guaranteed. So, with the CSP process and all the various guarantees that we do work with, it does make it difficult to guarantee every single person a renewal. But for anyone that's currently living in ACC, um, when you on the 21st when the application's open, you'll log into the community portal and then from there, you should have an an automatic renewal application on there. It's okay if you do not want to renew in your same space. You can still apply using that renewal link and just change which floor plans or properties that you'd like to um apply to. We also ask that everyone just submits one application. We are excited that you want to live with us, but please only submit one application. And even though you're only applying to three properties, we'll still consider consider you for all of our properties. Let's say we aren't able to give you your top preferences. We wouldn't just not send you a housing offer. We would offer you something where there is availability if you are next on the wait list. See? Okay. So, we're going to try to do one more question from one of our prepared questions and then we're going to go ahead and wrap up after that. Um, and so a question that I'm going to go ahead and um bring up since this is also a commonly asked question um is if a student um wants to cancel their housing agreement if they change their mind um before moving in. Um so, in particular, once again, all of these agreements that you're assigning are legal binding agreements. Um, and that's why I also recommend um earlier in the presentation that you read the terms of your agreement before you sign it so you understand what the terms are. And there will be sections about cancellation and termination processes. In particular, for the Aoya Vista and resident hall contracts, um, students are able to cancel up until I believe it's the Friday before move in weekend, which is in sometime in September. Um, it's a pre-approved cancellation, meaning you can cancel for whatever reason and it's automatically approved. But there is a cancellation fee that will be assessed. Um, otherwise, you are able to cancel, you're good to go, but you have a deadline to cancel that. Um, there's different tiers. The later you wait, the higher the cancellation fee will be, and it is indicated in the terms of the housing agreement. So, you can see what that looks like. Um, and so that once again is before your agreement has started. Um, if the contract has started or you've moved in, whichever one's earlier, um, and you no longer want to live on campus, that's considered a termination for our purposes. Um, and termination requests are subject to review and not guaranteed. So, if you've signed an AOY Vista or resident hall housing contract and you're still not sure if you want to live on campus, um, you have up and you have a certain deadline to go ahead and decide to cancel and it's once again before the move in weekend, um, sometime in September. So that's for a Roy Vista and resident hall contract. And then Megan um for ACC it is similar uh or not very similar actually I'm sorry. Um once you do sign our lease again it is a legally binding contract. Um there are a few exceptions in the summer or before the lease term starts. If you withdraw from the university you are able to cancel your lease but there is going to be a termination fee that is assessed as well. All of this is going to be lo is going to be in your lease agreement. So this information will be available to you there as well. Um or if you become an RA on campus, we would be able to help you out of your lease and cancel that lease. If you are just canceling your lease because you no longer want it after you have signed it, you will have to pay a termination fee, but we also will have to offer that space to somebody else before we can terminate your lease. And that person has to sign it before we terminate. Until then, you are still responsible for every payment on that lease. So, if your first payment is in June and it is June 2nd and the payment was due on June 1st and somebody still has not chosen to sign that lease that you were looking to cancel, you are still responsible for that June 1st payment. So, it is very important again if you are unsure of your housing, be sure before you sign that lease because you are going to be responsible for any payments listed on there as long as that lease is still active under your name. I also want to just chime in one more thing about that Megan brought up RA. Um, so if you are interested in applying to be an RA, I truly encourage you to still do this guarantee process because once again, if you miss the deadlines, meaning you don't do this process for whatever reason, um, hoping to get an RA position. Um, and if you unfortunately do not get hired to be an RA, um, there's no takeback seats. You can't come back and be like, "Hey, I thought I was going to be an RA, so I didn't do this guarantee process. Can I now be considered?" Once again, once the deadline has passed and if you do not do it, you're like you forfeited your housing guarantee. So, it's strongly encouraged that you do this process while still applying to be an RA um and do all the process and then um if fortunately hired to be an RA um you'll get information on how to get out of your agreement kind of like how Megan was explaining. Um and you'll get more further informations from your supervisors as well. Um but that pretty much wraps up this live stream. Um if you do have any more questions um after the live stream um please email at least for the general housing um regarding the CS the initial CSP guarantee application um and the resident halls in Aurora Vista you're more than welcome to go ahead and email housing at UCI uci.edu edu um or call our office. Um we're open from Monday to Friday 8 to 5. Our phone number is 9498246811. Um so that's for once again the the first step of the guarantee process as well as Aurora Vist and the resident halls for questions for the ACC apartments and the ACC specific application. U Megan can share who to contact. Um as you saw in our slides, you we highly encourage you emailing us um at the different property inboxes that you did see. If any of them are very interesting to you, please make sure to go through this live again and check out those emails. They're also located on our website online. And then you can also visit our leasing center which is open Monday to Friday 8 to 5:00 located at 15,000 A Royo Drive. So again, on the east campus near the eater recreation center, you can find us there. And then um if it's after 5, all of our properties also have um student staff at the front desk that you can always ask questions to. But again, try to just reach us between 8:00 to 5:00 and our professional staff will be able to get to you. So, that covers our presentation. Um, thank you for watching this live stream. Um, or if you're watching after the stream's over, hopefully answered a lot of questions. Um, but I hope you all have a nice day. Thanks for watching this. Thank you.
