Why choose ACC apartments over residence halls?
Hi i’m a freshman living on campus, and i’ll be applying for housing next year as well. I was just wondering why would someone choose ACC apartments over residence halls, which is much closer to campus buildings including dining halls. What’s the main difference? As a person who lived in mesa court and very much enjoyed the housing experience, i’m just curious about why. Also, happy new year to people who are reading this! :)

price of acc is cheaper than dorms and as a second year that didn’t have guaranteed housing in the dorms, acc was the next option. you also have more privacy if you opt for non-shared bedrooms. kitchen space is also good when you don’t have to share it with the whole floor. though some of the acc communities are far away from campus, its not a dealbreaker :)

Thanks for the reply! Just out of curiosity, do many people purchase dining hall meal plans even if they live in ACC? Or is it just normal that you cook by yourself?

i live the farthest away (in VDC) so i cook for myself :) i know some people that live in the other communities that are closer to campus (like plaza and puerta) that do have some kind of dining hall plan though!

If you’re looking to still make friends//want to make more friends and have the means to stay in the dorms, then I would recommend staying in the dorms. Also, since you’re already on campus it’s a lot easier to go to campus events and then go back to your room in between things - that’s a lot harder when you’re in ACC and further away from campus.

But other than that I do agree with what the other person said when it comes to pros for the. ACC apartments. It’s just what you want to prioritize/think is the most important to you

In addition to everything else, very few upperclassmen get placement in the dorms.

tbh forming for 1 year is enough. after that, you really should move on and getting your 1st apartment js really nice, and allows you to meet more people of all years, not just first and second. the independence is great. and overall saves you more money

I’m at arroyo vista and I think it’s nice. It isn’t a 12 month contract so we aren’t “stuck” in irvine in summer and we have no freshmen. Rent is $832 but utilities are included.

Hi! So I actually dormed 2 years in Mesa court! (Around the time where they actually opened second year dorming for the first time back in 2019) ! I did like dorming because everything was close by such as school clubs and I still had a meal plan. The only thing was that since I was the only second year in the dorm, I didn’t really talk to people because I already had established friends and I knew my way around the campus! I did help some people navigate but regarding socializing I didn’t really interact (of course will be different for people). Right now I’m at UTC and it’s still pretty close to campus and honestly I should of done UTC from the beginning bc it’s cheaper and I grew more independent such as cooking, having my own laundry unit inside the apartment, having parking spaces etc

How much is it at utc

It depends! My housemates and I divide the rent and we pay around $3,200 altogether each month ! That’s not including electricity or other utilities tho but it’s much cheaper than paying $15,000 or more at Mesa for dorming

Do you get covered by financial aid?

Yes I do! That’s the biggest reason why I dormed my second year again but like I said I should of just saved my money before and done utc or acc if you are thinking of doing Acc
